NAME
    Pod::Readme - Convert POD to README file

REQUIREMENTS
    This module should run on Perl 5.005 or newer. The following non-core
    modules are required:

      Pod::PlainText
      Test::More

INSTALLATION
    Installation can be done using the traditional Makefile.PL or the newer
    Build.PL methods.

    Using Makefile.PL:

      perl Makefile.PL
      make test
      make install

    (On Windows platforms you should use `nmake' instead.)

    Using Build.PL (if you have Module::Build installed):

      perl Build.PL
      perl Build test
      perl Build install

SYNOPSIS
      use Pod::Readme;
      my $parser = Pod::Readme->new();

      # Read POD from STDIN and write to STDOUT
      $parser->parse_from_filehandle;

      # Read POD from Module.pm and write to README
      $parser->parse_from_file('Module.pm', 'README');

DESCRIPTION
    This module is a subclass of Pod::PlainText which provides additional
    POD markup for generating README files.

    Why should one bother with this? One can simply use

      pod2text Module.pm > README

    The problem with doing that is that the README includes the entirety of
    the module documentation! Most people browsing the README file do not
    need all of this information.

    Likewise, including installation and requirement information in the
    module documentation is not necessary either, since the module is
    already installed.

    This module allows authors to mark portions of the POD to be included
    only in, or to be excluded from the README file. It also allows you to
    include portions of another file (such as a separate ChangeLog).

    See the module documentation for more details.

REVSION HISTORY
    Changes since the last release:

    0.04  Wed May 18 2005
            - known other formats such as html are rejected
            - added missing prereq IO::File in Build.PL
            - added debug option
            - typos and tweaks for documentation

    A detailed history is available in the Changes file.

SEE ALSO
    See perlpod and perlpodspec.

      Pod::Parser
      Pod::PlainText

AUTHOR
    Robert Rothenberg <rrwo at cpan.org>

  Suggestions and Bug Reporting

    Feedback is always welcome. Please use the CPAN Request Tracker at
    http://rt.cpan.org to submit bug reports.

LICENSE
    Copyright (c) 2005 Robert Rothenberg. All rights reserved. This program
    is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
    same terms as Perl itself.

    Some portions are based on Pod::PlainText 2.02.

